every time I barbecue there's a memory
Derek and I sit out there like grumpy
old men we've got our Weber's going and
it's just awesome because we don't think
about anything else everybody works hard
in life and to be able to sit down and
have a conversation while your girls are
going there's nothing better we met
around our grills we just started this
bond it had nothing to do with what he
does has nothing to do what I do
it's about grilling he had the weber
genesis i had the cattle so that just
immediately connected and the rest is
history
the whole gas grill thing I'm not
opposed to it a gas grill is a very
convenient grill for me it's the
challenge it's the charcoal it's just
the whole process Derek likes the
organic chickens and doing the
rotisserie you know I respect that I'm
into the smoker grilling to me is an
adventure from finding what type of meat
you're gonna cook to are you gonna use
charcoal are you gonna use the coal
bricks - what type of wood you're gonna
smoke the meats with I like looking into
seeing what's involved for the mission I
started using Weber's Smokey Joe and
then I got really interested in smoking
meats and got this brilliant
whoever smoker you can't go wrong with
it I've got three vents on the bottom
that I'm always adjusting to keep that
temperature right where I want it that's
important I mean I love that thing I
call it art to beat you sometimes it
talks jeah
it says delicious I'm not a shy person
if I believe in a product I'll tell the
world if I see somebody talking about a
grill with the wife and kids and I'll
just kind of scoot down and be like you
know what this is the one you want right
here and then they'll ask me why I said
because I've had one now for 13 years it
fires up the same it
Cook's the same the flavours that I get
out of it are amazing I've had a couple
just say you know what we're gonna take
your word on this I'll see them again at
the store and they'll be the thumbs up
like nice choice my name is Brad I'm an
artist I have a Weber smoker and a weber
kettle
you